play it again but this time I'm not
going to play it straight you can tell
playing it straight it was there it was
locked in but it was almost too locked
in to the point where you can't
distinguish whether other vibe if there
was another German plan right the least
to me cuz every drummer has their own
style plan which you know my blood side
beast he's the reason while I'm moving
in the chest even be up there and sit
down
you can accent when Tiana sixteen oceans
consisted of 1e and within those money
and we are normally playing like we're
accident to 1 which means that if you
want to to this sounds like displacement
and for those people who definitely have
metronome this is the best thing to work
out with just starting off for
fundamentals is you can displace the
accident not only from the but the one
so for this thing this is a little bit
more I guess pushing the button
to the left field to come back without
taking away from the box so I'll
definitely try to show it to you the
best I can
you was like oh no no you were not to be
regular be right it's all know so what's
the big what's the count
tomorrow the keyboard
appreciated you know we gonna get you
later all right
gospel keyboard thanks fellas cool